Write a Javascript code to categorize the input text using the following information.
1. If the text has the vague address, 'Suraksha Sunflower Apartment, Kodhichikkahanahalli Main Road, Bilekahalli', the text falls under the following categories.
    a. Housekeeping Salary
    b. Garden Work
    c. Sewage Tank Cleaning
    d. Apartment Work
    e. Festival Celebrations
    e. Apartment Maintenance
    e. Electrical Work
    f. Miscellaneous Expenses
2. If the text further has the amount 8500, it should be categorized as 'Housekeeping Salary' or
3. If the text further has the amount 800 or is having the text 'Adinarayana', it should be categorized as 'Sewage Tank Cleaning' or
4. If the text further has the text 'Garden Work', it should be categorized as 'Garden Work' or
5. If the text further has the text 'Apartment Work', it should be categorized as 'Apartment Work' or
6. If the text further has the text 'Mason', it should be categorized as 'Apartment Maintenance' or
7. If the text further has the text 'Electrical', it should be categorized as 'Electrical Work' or
8. If the text further has the text 'Diwali', 'Flag', 'Sweets', 'Chocalates', etc, it should be categorized as 'Festival Celebrations' or
9. If the text further doesn't fall under above categories mentioned in above except for 1, it should be categorized as 'Miscellaneous Expenses'.
10. If the text has 'RR Cleaning Service' or 'Cleaning Service', it should be categorized as 'Garbage Cleaning Service'.
11. If the text has 'Diesel', it should be categorized as 'Diesel Purchase'
12. If the text has 'BESCOM', it should be categorized as 'Bescom'
13. If the text has 'BWSSB', it should be categorized as 'BWSSB'
14. If the text has 'Telecom', it should be categorized as 'Telecom Maintenance'
15. If the text has 'Johnson', it should be categorized as 'Lift Maintenance'
16. If the text has 'Borewell', it should be categorized as 'Borewell Maintenance'
17. If the text has 'Water', it should be categorized as 'Drinking Water For Security'
18. If the text has 'Security' or '41000', it should be categorized as 'Security Service'
19. If the text has 'broom' or 'phenoyl' or 'mop' or 'pencil' or 'file' or 'folder' or 'tape' or 'powder', it should be categorized as 'HK Items'
20. If the text has 'bulbs' or 'switch' or 'light', it should be categorized as 'Electrical Items'
